---
layout: "websupportsk"
page_title: "Provider: Websupportsk"
sidebar_current: "docs-websupportsk-index"
description: |-
  The Websupportsk provider is used to interact with the many resources supported by Websupportsk REST API - currently supports only DNS Records. The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.
---

# Websupportsk Provider

The Websupportsk provider is used to interact with the
many resources supported by Websupportsk REST API - currently supports only DNS Records. 
The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Configure the Websupport.sk Provider
provider "websupportsk" {
  api_key     = "ak48l3h7-ak5d-qn4t-p8gc-b6fs8c3l"
  api_secret  = "ajvkeo3y82ndsu2smvxy3o36496dcascksldncsq"
}

# Create a dns record
resource "websupportsk_dns_record" "test-dns-record" {
  # ...
}
```

## Configuration Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `api_key` - (Required) The API authentication KEY (generated by websupport administration console/website). 
  If omitted, the `WEBSUPPORTSK_API_KEY` environment variable is used.

* `api_secret` - (Required) The API authentication SECRET (generated by websupport administration console/website).
  Secret must be in a pair with the KEY. If omitted, the `WEBSUPPORTSK_API_SECRET` environment variable is used.

* `api_url` - (Optional - Default: `https://rest.websupport.sk`) The API url.
  The `WEBSUPPORTSK_API_URL` environment variable can be used.

### Adding a Feature

If you're missing some features that this provider does not yet offer, feel free to fork this repository
and open a pull request. Extending of those by myself is currently very unlikely.

### Fixing a Bug

Similarly, if you find a bug in this provider, prefer fixing this issue by creating a fork and opening a pull request. 
You can also report this issue in this repository directly, but as new features, fixing of those issues might take some 
time, if ever fixed.
